# el primer mes y más de Bonit@s

## Project Information

- **Original URL**: https://www.kevinlaronda.com/primermes
- **Extracted**: 10/13/2025
- **Word Count**: 1874

## Summary

Content extracted from Squarespace - see STAR sections below

## STAR Method Analysis

### Objective

el primer mes y más de Bonit@s Hoy es martes 13. Una combinación de día y número que por años me enseñaron a temerle. El 13 es un número muy controversial y de alguna forma me atrajo siempre. Los números 3, 7, 11, 13 y 21 siempre me generaron algo.Desde hace un mes 13 tiene un significado especial. Es el número que celebra una coincidencia. La coincidencia de sentimientos libres encontrándose en un mismo lugar, frente a frente, nariz con nariz. Queriendo nada de él, es que de pronto se me dio todo. Un mundo hermoso, un mundo bonito atrapado en la piel de un hombre llamado Kevin Laronda. Es intimidante, y un poco limitante también, llamarlo un “hombre”. Al final es lo que él eligió para su visita a la tierra, a esta visita donde alguien a la vez eligió cruzarnos. Si lo miro a los ojos, me olvido de todo. Es un ticket directo a casa, donde no hay alternativas para vacilar en la mente. Es esto o nada. Hoy es martes 13 y yo celebro tal vez lo impensable para un día como este. Celebro lo frágil que es todo, lo sencillo que es no ver, no escuchar o simplemente querer a destiempos. Hace un mes se puso en palabras lo que mi corazón en silencio venía sintiendo. Un silencio que sintió ninguna necesidad de pronunciarse. Ahí estuvo, quieto y observador. Un silencio que abrazó mi corazón y le dijo: ¿Ves lo que pasa cuando dejas a la vida suceder? Porque cuando dejas ir todo, cuando realmente ves la vida como un sueño contigo al mando, puedes reiniciar el sueño cuantas veces quieras. Me parece que apretamos un botón de reinicio a la misma vez y decidimos empezar a caminar por el mismo sendero. Feliz martes 13, amor lindo. Que tu luz siga iluminando el camino de quienes elijas. Te amo desde la libertad más pura y te deseo la misma sensación o algo mejor todavía. Bonita. It was a month ago today: I’d throw my first Pauhana and sometime this weekend… I’d ask her to be mine. I barely slept trying to close out the last line in my letter to someone that I love deeply, but hadn’t told her yet. How would you say it in Spanish?Podemos escribir nuestra historia juntos.We can, but I wanna ask her. Me gustaría a escribir nuestra historia juntos.“I would like to” doesn’t sound right.¿Lista para escribir nuestra historia, juntos?Yes, that’s it.I hand-wrote the final draft on a piece of notebook paper. My hands shook with nervous excitement, reiterating to myself to take my time. Sin apuro. Write with love, is what I’d later learn from her. Like a warm blanket out of the dryer, I folded the paper for safe keeping and schemed about how and where I’d give it to her.Leave it in the same place she left hers? Nah. Not quite right. Maybe I slip it into her back pocket? No, not enough control over the moment. Hmm, what does she love? What would she look at? Then a lightbulb went off – los alfajores. Softly, I placed her letter on her favorite cookies hidden from Pauhana guests, but visible where only she would see it. At some point. It was perfect. She arrived in the mid-afternoon. My heart filled with wild love, the kind you see in cartoons where the wolf’s heart beats out of his chest and he floats in mid-air. We get to talking and close in on each other. What we were talking about, I don’t fully remember, but we end up on my bed. The conversation is deep. I feel something plucking a heartstring and my plan changes. I ask her if she could go grab an alfajór from the kitchen. I wait nervously with my heart in my hand, and she walks in surprised. I wonder if she knew this was coming, or has she already felt exactly what I was feeling. She must.I read her my letter, stopping with each breath to make eye contact and soak in everything. Her eyebrows lift each time I look – her deeply connected poker tell. I’m so relieved that this pandora’s-box-secret that had been sealed for weeks now was able to explode into a reality I’d only dreamed about. We tell each other I love you over and over again with our eyes… not yet our mouths.Not soon after, Derek calls to let us know he and Jen are here for Pauhana, and we carry our secret throughout the evening – reminding each other every few moments with a look, a soft squeeze of a hand, or a brush on the back. I want to spend every moment with her (in my heart, I am) and I also want us to meet each other’s friends. Which went over above and beyond what was expected. When you get great people into a room, add a little wine (or a lot), you’re guaranteed to get great conversation.My heart is full of love.It’s a month later today, April 13, 2021, and I’m so incredibly grateful we are us, Ale. Month, day, year. It’s important, yet what really matters is the moment. Thank you for reminding me that NOW is the time to love and celebrate each other. I love you more than us writers can explain. Bonito. We and our partners use cookies to personalize your experience, to show you ads based on your interests, and for measurement and analytics purposes. By using our website and our services, you agree to our use of cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. Te amo.Bonito el primer mes y más de Bonit@s Hoy es martes 13. Una combinación de día y número que por años me enseñaron a temerle. El 13 es un número muy controversial y de alguna forma me atrajo siempre. Los números 3, 7, 11, 13 y 21 siempre me generaron algo.Desde hace un mes 13 tiene un significado especial. Es el número que celebra una coincidencia. La coincidencia de sentimientos libres encontrándose en un mismo lugar, frente a frente, nariz con nariz. Queriendo nada de él, es que de pronto se me dio todo. Un mundo hermoso, un mundo bonito atrapado en la piel de un hombre llamado Kevin Laronda. Es intimidante, y un poco limitante también, llamarlo un “hombre”. Al final es lo que él eligió para su visita a la tierra, a esta visita donde alguien a la vez eligió cruzarnos. Si lo miro a los ojos, me olvido de todo. Es un ticket directo a casa, donde no hay alternativas para vacilar en la mente. Es esto o nada. Hoy es martes 13 y yo celebro tal vez lo impensable para un día como este. Celebro lo frágil que es todo, lo sencillo que es no ver, no escuchar o simplemente querer a destiempos. Hace un mes se puso en palabras lo que mi corazón en silencio venía sintiendo. Un silencio que sintió ninguna necesidad de pronunciarse. Ahí estuvo, quieto y observador. Un silencio que abrazó mi corazón y le dijo: ¿Ves lo que pasa cuando dejas a la vida suceder? Porque cuando dejas ir todo, cuando realmente ves la vida como un sueño contigo al mando, puedes reiniciar el sueño cuantas veces quieras. Me parece que apretamos un botón de reinicio a la misma vez y decidimos empezar a caminar por el mismo sendero. Feliz martes 13, amor lindo. Que tu luz siga iluminando el camino de quienes elijas. Te amo desde la libertad más pura y te deseo la misma sensación o algo mejor todavía. Bonita. It was a month ago today: I’d throw my first Pauhana and sometime this weekend… I’d ask her to be mine. I barely slept trying to close out the last line in my letter to someone that I love deeply, but hadn’t told her yet. How would you say it in Spanish?Podemos escribir nuestra historia juntos.We can, but I wanna ask her. Me gustaría a escribir nuestra historia juntos.“I would like to” doesn’t sound right.¿Lista para escribir nuestra historia, juntos?Yes, that’s it.I hand-wrote the final draft on a piece of notebook paper. My hands shook with nervous excitement, reiterating to myself to take my time. Sin apuro. Write with love, is what I’d later learn from her. Like a warm blanket out of the dryer, I folded the paper for safe keeping and schemed about how and where I’d give it to her.Leave it in the same place she left hers? Nah. Not quite right. Maybe I slip it into her back pocket? No, not enough control over the moment. Hmm, what does she love? What would she look at? Then a lightbulb went off – los alfajores. Softly, I placed her letter on her favorite cookies hidden from Pauhana guests, but visible where only she would see it. At some point. It was perfect. She arrived in the mid-afternoon. My heart filled with wild love, the kind you see in cartoons where the wolf’s heart beats out of his chest and he floats in mid-air. We get to talking and close in on each other. What we were talking about, I don’t fully remember, but we end up on my bed. The conversation is deep. I feel something plucking a heartstring and my plan changes. I ask her if she could go grab an alfajór from the kitchen. I wait nervously with my heart in my hand, and she walks in surprised. I wonder if she knew this was coming, or has she already felt exactly what I was feeling. She must.I read her my letter, stopping with each breath to make eye contact and soak in everything. Her eyebrows lift each time I look – her deeply connected poker tell. I’m so relieved that this pandora’s-box-secret that had been sealed for weeks now was able to explode into a reality I’d only dreamed about. We tell each other I love you over and over again with our eyes… not yet our mouths.Not soon after, Derek calls to let us know he and Jen are here for Pauhana, and we carry our secret throughout the evening – reminding each other every few moments with a look, a soft squeeze of a hand, or a brush on the back. I want to spend every moment with her (in my heart, I am) and I also want us to meet each other’s friends. Which went over above and beyond what was expected. When you get great people into a room, add a little wine (or a lot), you’re guaranteed to get great conversation.My heart is full of love.It’s a month later today, April 13, 2021, and I’m so incredibly grateful we are us, Ale. Month, day, year. It’s important, yet what really matters is the moment. Thank you for reminding me that NOW is the time to love and celebrate each other. I love you more than us writers can explain. Bonito. We and our partners use cookies to personalize your experience, to show you ads based on your interests, and for measurement and analytics purposes. By using our website and our services, you agree to our use of cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. Te amo.Bonito

### Lessons

el primer mes y más de Bonit@s Hoy es martes 13. Una combinación de día y número que por años me enseñaron a temerle. El 13 es un número muy controversial y de alguna forma me atrajo siempre. Los números 3, 7, 11, 13 y 21 siempre me generaron algo.Desde hace un mes 13 tiene un significado especial. Es el número que celebra una coincidencia. La coincidencia de sentimientos libres encontrándose en un mismo lugar, frente a frente, nariz con nariz. Queriendo nada de él, es que de pronto se me dio todo. Un mundo hermoso, un mundo bonito atrapado en la piel de un hombre llamado Kevin Laronda. Es intimidante, y un poco limitante también, llamarlo un “hombre”. Al final es lo que él eligió para su visita a la tierra, a esta visita donde alguien a la vez eligió cruzarnos. Si lo miro a los ojos, me olvido de todo. Es un ticket directo a casa, donde no hay alternativas para vacilar en la mente. Es esto o nada. Hoy es martes 13 y yo celebro tal vez lo impensable para un día como este. Celebro lo frágil que es todo, lo sencillo que es no ver, no escuchar o simplemente querer a destiempos. Hace un mes se puso en palabras lo que mi corazón en silencio venía sintiendo. Un silencio que sintió ninguna necesidad de pronunciarse. Ahí estuvo, quieto y observador. Un silencio que abrazó mi corazón y le dijo: ¿Ves lo que pasa cuando dejas a la vida suceder? Porque cuando dejas ir todo, cuando realmente ves la vida como un sueño contigo al mando, puedes reiniciar el sueño cuantas veces quieras. Me parece que apretamos un botón de reinicio a la misma vez y decidimos empezar a caminar por el mismo sendero. Feliz martes 13, amor lindo. Que tu luz siga iluminando el camino de quienes elijas. Te amo desde la libertad más pura y te deseo la misma sensación o algo mejor todavía. Bonita. It was a month ago today: I’d throw my first Pauhana and sometime this weekend… I’d ask her to be mine. I barely slept trying to close out the last line in my letter to someone that I love deeply, but hadn’t told her yet. How would you say it in Spanish?Podemos escribir nuestra historia juntos.We can, but I wanna ask her. Me gustaría a escribir nuestra historia juntos.“I would like to” doesn’t sound right.¿Lista para escribir nuestra historia, juntos?Yes, that’s it.I hand-wrote the final draft on a piece of notebook paper. My hands shook with nervous excitement, reiterating to myself to take my time. Sin apuro. Write with love, is what I’d later learn from her. Like a warm blanket out of the dryer, I folded the paper for safe keeping and schemed about how and where I’d give it to her.Leave it in the same place she left hers? Nah. Not quite right. Maybe I slip it into her back pocket? No, not enough control over the moment. Hmm, what does she love? What would she look at? Then a lightbulb went off – los alfajores. Softly, I placed her letter on her favorite cookies hidden from Pauhana guests, but visible where only she would see it. At some point. It was perfect. She arrived in the mid-afternoon. My heart filled with wild love, the kind you see in cartoons where the wolf’s heart beats out of his chest and he floats in mid-air. We get to talking and close in on each other. What we were talking about, I don’t fully remember, but we end up on my bed. The conversation is deep. I feel something plucking a heartstring and my plan changes. I ask her if she could go grab an alfajór from the kitchen. I wait nervously with my heart in my hand, and she walks in surprised. I wonder if she knew this was coming, or has she already felt exactly what I was feeling. She must.I read her my letter, stopping with each breath to make eye contact and soak in everything. Her eyebrows lift each time I look – her deeply connected poker tell. I’m so relieved that this pandora’s-box-secret that had been sealed for weeks now was able to explode into a reality I’d only dreamed about. We tell each other I love you over and over again with our eyes… not yet our mouths.Not soon after, Derek calls to let us know he and Jen are here for Pauhana, and we carry our secret throughout the evening – reminding each other every few moments with a look, a soft squeeze of a hand, or a brush on the back. I want to spend every moment with her (in my heart, I am) and I also want us to meet each other’s friends. Which went over above and beyond what was expected. When you get great people into a room, add a little wine (or a lot), you’re guaranteed to get great conversation.My heart is full of love.It’s a month later today, April 13, 2021, and I’m so incredibly grateful we are us, Ale. Month, day, year. It’s important, yet what really matters is the moment. Thank you for reminding me that NOW is the time to love and celebrate each other. I love you more than us writers can explain. Bonito. We and our partners use cookies to personalize your experience, to show you ads based on your interests, and for measurement and analytics purposes. By using our website and our services, you agree to our use of cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. Te amo.Bonito el primer mes y más de Bonit@s Hoy es martes 13. Una combinación de día y número que por años me enseñaron a temerle. El 13 es un número muy controversial y de alguna forma me atrajo siempre. Los números 3, 7, 11, 13 y 21 siempre me generaron algo.Desde hace un mes 13 tiene un significado especial. Es el número que celebra una coincidencia. La coincidencia de sentimientos libres encontrándose en un mismo lugar, frente a frente, nariz con nariz. Queriendo nada de él, es que de pronto se me dio todo. Un mundo hermoso, un mundo bonito atrapado en la piel de un hombre llamado Kevin Laronda. Es intimidante, y un poco limitante también, llamarlo un “hombre”. Al final es lo que él eligió para su visita a la tierra, a esta visita donde alguien a la vez eligió cruzarnos. Si lo miro a los ojos, me olvido de todo. Es un ticket directo a casa, donde no hay alternativas para vacilar en la mente. Es esto o nada. Hoy es martes 13 y yo celebro tal vez lo impensable para un día como este. Celebro lo frágil que es todo, lo sencillo que es no ver, no escuchar o simplemente querer a destiempos. Hace un mes se puso en palabras lo que mi corazón en silencio venía sintiendo. Un silencio que sintió ninguna necesidad de pronunciarse. Ahí estuvo, quieto y observador. Un silencio que abrazó mi corazón y le dijo: ¿Ves lo que pasa cuando dejas a la vida suceder? Porque cuando dejas ir todo, cuando realmente ves la vida como un sueño contigo al mando, puedes reiniciar el sueño cuantas veces quieras. Me parece que apretamos un botón de reinicio a la misma vez y decidimos empezar a caminar por el mismo sendero. Feliz martes 13, amor lindo. Que tu luz siga iluminando el camino de quienes elijas. Te amo desde la libertad más pura y te deseo la misma sensación o algo mejor todavía. Bonita. It was a month ago today: I’d throw my first Pauhana and sometime this weekend… I’d ask her to be mine. I barely slept trying to close out the last line in my letter to someone that I love deeply, but hadn’t told her yet. How would you say it in Spanish?Podemos escribir nuestra historia juntos.We can, but I wanna ask her. Me gustaría a escribir nuestra historia juntos.“I would like to” doesn’t sound right.¿Lista para escribir nuestra historia, juntos?Yes, that’s it.I hand-wrote the final draft on a piece of notebook paper. My hands shook with nervous excitement, reiterating to myself to take my time. Sin apuro. Write with love, is what I’d later learn from her. Like a warm blanket out of the dryer, I folded the paper for safe keeping and schemed about how and where I’d give it to her.Leave it in the same place she left hers? Nah. Not quite right. Maybe I slip it into her back pocket? No, not enough control over the moment. Hmm, what does she love? What would she look at? Then a lightbulb went off – los alfajores. Softly, I placed her letter on her favorite cookies hidden from Pauhana guests, but visible where only she would see it. At some point. It was perfect. She arrived in the mid-afternoon. My heart filled with wild love, the kind you see in cartoons where the wolf’s heart beats out of his chest and he floats in mid-air. We get to talking and close in on each other. What we were talking about, I don’t fully remember, but we end up on my bed. The conversation is deep. I feel something plucking a heartstring and my plan changes. I ask her if she could go grab an alfajór from the kitchen. I wait nervously with my heart in my hand, and she walks in surprised. I wonder if she knew this was coming, or has she already felt exactly what I was feeling. She must.I read her my letter, stopping with each breath to make eye contact and soak in everything. Her eyebrows lift each time I look – her deeply connected poker tell. I’m so relieved that this pandora’s-box-secret that had been sealed for weeks now was able to explode into a reality I’d only dreamed about. We tell each other I love you over and over again with our eyes… not yet our mouths.Not soon after, Derek calls to let us know he and Jen are here for Pauhana, and we carry our secret throughout the evening – reminding each other every few moments with a look, a soft squeeze of a hand, or a brush on the back. I want to spend every moment with her (in my heart, I am) and I also want us to meet each other’s friends. Which went over above and beyond what was expected. When you get great people into a room, add a little wine (or a lot), you’re guaranteed to get great conversation.My heart is full of love.It’s a month later today, April 13, 2021, and I’m so incredibly grateful we are us, Ale. Month, day, year. It’s important, yet what really matters is the moment. Thank you for reminding me that NOW is the time to love and celebrate each other. I love you more than us writers can explain. Bonito. We and our partners use cookies to personalize your experience, to show you ads based on your interests, and for measurement and analytics purposes. By using our website and our services, you agree to our use of cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. Te amo.Bonito

## Full Content

el primer mes y más de Bonit@s Hoy es martes 13. Una combinación de día y número que por años me enseñaron a temerle. El 13 es un número muy controversial y de alguna forma me atrajo siempre. Los números 3, 7, 11, 13 y 21 siempre me generaron algo.Desde hace un mes 13 tiene un significado especial. Es el número que celebra una coincidencia. La coincidencia de sentimientos libres encontrándose en un mismo lugar, frente a frente, nariz con nariz. Queriendo nada de él, es que de pronto se me dio todo. Un mundo hermoso, un mundo bonito atrapado en la piel de un hombre llamado Kevin Laronda. Es intimidante, y un poco limitante también, llamarlo un “hombre”. Al final es lo que él eligió para su visita a la tierra, a esta visita donde alguien a la vez eligió cruzarnos. Si lo miro a los ojos, me olvido de todo. Es un ticket directo a casa, donde no hay alternativas para vacilar en la mente. Es esto o nada. Hoy es martes 13 y yo celebro tal vez lo impensable para un día como este. Celebro lo frágil que es todo, lo sencillo que es no ver, no escuchar o simplemente querer a destiempos. Hace un mes se puso en palabras lo que mi corazón en silencio venía sintiendo. Un silencio que sintió ninguna necesidad de pronunciarse. Ahí estuvo, quieto y observador. Un silencio que abrazó mi corazón y le dijo: ¿Ves lo que pasa cuando dejas a la vida suceder? Porque cuando dejas ir todo, cuando realmente ves la vida como un sueño contigo al mando, puedes reiniciar el sueño cuantas veces quieras. Me parece que apretamos un botón de reinicio a la misma vez y decidimos empezar a caminar por el mismo sendero. Feliz martes 13, amor lindo. Que tu luz siga iluminando el camino de quienes elijas. Te amo desde la libertad más pura y te deseo la misma sensación o algo mejor todavía. Bonita. It was a month ago today: I’d throw my first Pauhana and sometime this weekend… I’d ask her to be mine. I barely slept trying to close out the last line in my letter to someone that I love deeply, but hadn’t told her yet. How would you say it in Spanish?Podemos escribir nuestra historia juntos.We can, but I wanna ask her. Me gustaría a escribir nuestra historia juntos.“I would like to” doesn’t sound right.¿Lista para escribir nuestra historia, juntos?Yes, that’s it.I hand-wrote the final draft on a piece of notebook paper. My hands shook with nervous excitement, reiterating to myself to take my time. Sin apuro. Write with love, is what I’d later learn from her. Like a warm blanket out of the dryer, I folded the paper for safe keeping and schemed about how and where I’d give it to her.Leave it in the same place she left hers? Nah. Not quite right. Maybe I slip it into her back pocket? No, not enough control over the moment. Hmm, what does she love? What would she look at? Then a lightbulb went off – los alfajores. Softly, I placed her letter on her favorite cookies hidden from Pauhana guests, but visible where only she would see it. At some point. It was perfect. She arrived in the mid-afternoon. My heart filled with wild love, the kind you see in cartoons where the wolf’s heart beats out of his chest and he floats in mid-air. We get to talking and close in on each other. What we were talking about, I don’t fully remember, but we end up on my bed. The conversation is deep. I feel something plucking a heartstring and my plan changes. I ask her if she could go grab an alfajór from the kitchen. I wait nervously with my heart in my hand, and she walks in surprised. I wonder if she knew this was coming, or has she already felt exactly what I was feeling. She must.I read her my letter, stopping with each breath to make eye contact and soak in everything. Her eyebrows lift each time I look – her deeply connected poker tell. I’m so relieved that this pandora’s-box-secret that had been sealed for weeks now was able to explode into a reality I’d only dreamed about. We tell each other I love you over and over again with our eyes… not yet our mouths.Not soon after, Derek calls to let us know he and Jen are here for Pauhana, and we carry our secret throughout the evening – reminding each other every few moments with a look, a soft squeeze of a hand, or a brush on the back. I want to spend every moment with her (in my heart, I am) and I also want us to meet each other’s friends. Which went over above and beyond what was expected. When you get great people into a room, add a little wine (or a lot), you’re guaranteed to get great conversation.My heart is full of love.It’s a month later today, April 13, 2021, and I’m so incredibly grateful we are us, Ale. Month, day, year. It’s important, yet what really matters is the moment. Thank you for reminding me that NOW is the time to love and celebrate each other. I love you more than us writers can explain. Bonito. We and our partners use cookies to personalize your experience, to show you ads based on your interests, and for measurement and analytics purposes. By using our website and our services, you agree to our use of cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. Te amo.Bonito el primer mes y más de Bonit@s Hoy es martes 13. Una combinación de día y número que por años me enseñaron a temerle. El 13 es un número muy controversial y de alguna forma me atrajo siempre. Los números 3, 7, 11, 13 y 21 siempre me generaron algo.Desde hace un mes 13 tiene un significado especial. Es el número que celebra una coincidencia. La coincidencia de sentimientos libres encontrándose en un mismo lugar, frente a frente, nariz con nariz. Queriendo nada de él, es que de pronto se me dio todo. Un mundo hermoso, un mundo bonito atrapado en la piel de un hombre llamado Kevin Laronda. Es intimidante, y un poco limitante también, llamarlo un “hombre”. Al final es lo que él eligió para su visita a la tierra, a esta visita donde alguien a la vez eligió cruzarnos. Si lo miro a los ojos, me olvido de todo. Es un ticket directo a casa, donde no hay alternativas para vacilar en la mente. Es esto o nada. Hoy es martes 13 y yo celebro tal vez lo impensable para un día como este. Celebro lo frágil que es todo, lo sencillo que es no ver, no escuchar o simplemente querer a destiempos. Hace un mes se puso en palabras lo que mi corazón en silencio venía sintiendo. Un silencio que sintió ninguna necesidad de pronunciarse. Ahí estuvo, quieto y observador. Un silencio que abrazó mi corazón y le dijo: ¿Ves lo que pasa cuando dejas a la vida suceder? Porque cuando dejas ir todo, cuando realmente ves la vida como un sueño contigo al mando, puedes reiniciar el sueño cuantas veces quieras. Me parece que apretamos un botón de reinicio a la misma vez y decidimos empezar a caminar por el mismo sendero. Feliz martes 13, amor lindo. Que tu luz siga iluminando el camino de quienes elijas. Te amo desde la libertad más pura y te deseo la misma sensación o algo mejor todavía. Bonita. It was a month ago today: I’d throw my first Pauhana and sometime this weekend… I’d ask her to be mine. I barely slept trying to close out the last line in my letter to someone that I love deeply, but hadn’t told her yet. How would you say it in Spanish?Podemos escribir nuestra historia juntos.We can, but I wanna ask her. Me gustaría a escribir nuestra historia juntos.“I would like to” doesn’t sound right.¿Lista para escribir nuestra historia, juntos?Yes, that’s it.I hand-wrote the final draft on a piece of notebook paper. My hands shook with nervous excitement, reiterating to myself to take my time. Sin apuro. Write with love, is what I’d later learn from her. Like a warm blanket out of the dryer, I folded the paper for safe keeping and schemed about how and where I’d give it to her.Leave it in the same place she left hers? Nah. Not quite right. Maybe I slip it into her back pocket? No, not enough control over the moment. Hmm, what does she love? What would she look at? Then a lightbulb went off – los alfajores. Softly, I placed her letter on her favorite cookies hidden from Pauhana guests, but visible where only she would see it. At some point. It was perfect. She arrived in the mid-afternoon. My heart filled with wild love, the kind you see in cartoons where the wolf’s heart beats out of his chest and he floats in mid-air. We get to talking and close in on each other. What we were talking about, I don’t fully remember, but we end up on my bed. The conversation is deep. I feel something plucking a heartstring and my plan changes. I ask her if she could go grab an alfajór from the kitchen. I wait nervously with my heart in my hand, and she walks in surprised. I wonder if she knew this was coming, or has she already felt exactly what I was feeling. She must.I read her my letter, stopping with each breath to make eye contact and soak in everything. Her eyebrows lift each time I look – her deeply connected poker tell. I’m so relieved that this pandora’s-box-secret that had been sealed for weeks now was able to explode into a reality I’d only dreamed about. We tell each other I love you over and over again with our eyes… not yet our mouths.Not soon after, Derek calls to let us know he and Jen are here for Pauhana, and we carry our secret throughout the evening – reminding each other every few moments with a look, a soft squeeze of a hand, or a brush on the back. I want to spend every moment with her (in my heart, I am) and I also want us to meet each other’s friends. Which went over above and beyond what was expected. When you get great people into a room, add a little wine (or a lot), you’re guaranteed to get great conversation.My heart is full of love.It’s a month later today, April 13, 2021, and I’m so incredibly grateful we are us, Ale. Month, day, year. It’s important, yet what really matters is the moment. Thank you for reminding me that NOW is the time to love and celebrate each other. I love you more than us writers can explain. Bonito. We and our partners use cookies to personalize your experience, to show you ads based on your interests, and for measurement and analytics purposes. By using our website and our services, you agree to our use of cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. Te amo.Bonito

---

*This content was extracted from Squarespace on 10/13/2025, 10:45:02 PM*
