# we're all a little nuts

## Project Information

- **Original URL**: https://kevinlaronda.com/were-all-a-little-nuts
- **Extracted**: 10/13/2025
- **Word Count**: 1182

## Summary

WOnderful pistachioswe're all a little nutsThere’s no wrong way to eat a pistachio—despite what "classic cracker" Jerry Seinfeld thinks. We mingle through a party at Jerry’s house meeting guests with unique pistachio-cracking styles, and they’re all, well, a little nuts. TV :15 "LICKER" OPEN on JERRY and GENE SIMMONS sitting on the couch together, in front of a big bowl of Wonderful Pistachios. GENE cracks one open, but before he eats it, he licks it—JERRY is HORRIFIED.JERRY: Is the lick really necessary?GENE: The tongue wants what it wants, Jerry...GENE slowly licks another pistachio and offers it to JERRY.JERRY: I don't want that... You licked it. It's pre-licked.VO: Wonderful Pistachios. Put your tongue into it.Cut to GENE licking the salt and crumbs at the bottom of the bowl. TV :15 "PISTACHIO TABLE" Open on JERRY and a Jason Alexander eating pistachios on the couch—grabbing handfuls from a table in front of them. jason relaxes and puts his feet up on the table.JERRY: Don’t put your feet on the pistachio table.jason: Pistachio table?JERRY: It’s a table.. at which you eat pistachios.jason: It looks like a coffee table.JERRY: Do you see any coffee at this table?JERRY gives an irritated nod at the table and jason realizes his feet are still on it. He quickly takes them off. JERRY shakes his head in annoyance.VO: Wonderful Pistachios. Crack ‘em anywhere.Cut back to Julia Louis-Dreyfus setting a coffee mug on Jerry's table.JERRY: For cryin' out loud! TV :15 "SHOOTER" *Written before Durant's 2017 championship with Golden State Warriors. Open on KEVIN DURANT and JERRY in the living room. There‘s a bowl of Wonderful pistachios on the countertop next to them. KEVIN throws a pistachio up into the air and catches it in his mouth.JERRY: I didn't peg you as a shooter.KEVIN: 4 NBA scoring titles, I ought to be.JERRY: Hmm, no championships though.Annoyed, KEVIN tosses up another pistachio. JERRY interjects mid-air:JERRY: Brick!KEVIN catches the pistachios in hIs mouth, and shoots JERRY the stink eye.vo: Wonderful Pistachios. If the bag's open, shoot 'em.Cut back to JERRY tossing a pistachio into the air. KEVin swats it against the wall, and waves his finger like Dikembe Mutumbo. TV :30 "robbed" we open at a party at Jerry's place. Larry David walks up to Jerry, interrupting his conversation with other guests.LARRY: Jerry, I've been robbed... my pistachios, they're gone!Jerry: Just get some more, Larry. [Points toward a table full of Wonderful Pistachios]Jerry turns back to his conversation and Larry interjects again.Larry: It's the principle, jerry. They were mine. I even put little "L's" on them.Jerry: Who would want to take your pistachios?Larry points across the room to a little girl, playing on the couch.Larry: Her.Jerry: Alright, time to go!Jerry ushers Larry out the front door, but on the way out, Larry passes the little girl. Larry: This... isn't... over!VO: Wonderful pistachios. everyone cracks eventually.cut back to the little girl opening her teddy bear backpack—it's full of Larry's pistachios. TV :15 "fingered" We open on JERRY at the party. He‘s milling around when he sees MIKE ROWE from DIRTY JOBS at the snack table.MIKE shoves his dirty hand into the bowl of pistachios.JERRY: Boy, you're really feeling every inch of that bowl. Have you touched them all, or should I get the other bowls for you to poke around in?MIKE: You know I like to just dive in, Jerry.JERRY: Yeah, I can see that.MIKE offers JERRY a pistachio. JERRY, disgusted, shakes his head NO.VO: Wonderful Pistachios. Dive right in.CUT back to MIKE licking his fingers clean as JERRY looks on in horror. WOnderful pistachioswe're all a little nutsThere’s no wrong way to eat a pistachio—despite what "classic cracker" Jerry Seinfeld thinks. We mingle through a party at Jerry’s house meeting guests with unique pistachio-cracking styles, and they’re all, well, a little nuts. TV :15 "LICKER" OPEN on JERRY and GENE SIMMONS sitting on the couch together, in front of a big bowl of Wonderful Pistachios. GENE cracks one open, but before he eats it, he licks it—JERRY is HORRIFIED.JERRY: Is the lick really necessary?GENE: The tongue wants what it wants, Jerry...GENE slowly licks another pistachio and offers it to JERRY.JERRY: I don't want that... You licked it. It's pre-licked.VO: Wonderful Pistachios. Put your tongue into it.Cut to GENE licking the salt and crumbs at the bottom of the bowl. TV :15 "PISTACHIO TABLE" Open on JERRY and a Jason Alexander eating pistachios on the couch—grabbing handfuls from a table in front of them. jason relaxes and puts his feet up on the table.JERRY: Don’t put your feet on the pistachio table.jason: Pistachio table?JERRY: It’s a table.. at which you eat pistachios.jason: It looks like a coffee table.JERRY: Do you see any coffee at this table?JERRY gives an irritated nod at the table and jason realizes his feet are still on it. He quickly takes them off. JERRY shakes his head in annoyance.VO: Wonderful Pistachios. Crack ‘em anywhere.Cut back to Julia Louis-Dreyfus setting a coffee mug on Jerry's table.JERRY: For cryin' out loud! TV :15 "SHOOTER" *Written before Durant's 2017 championship with Golden State Warriors. Open on KEVIN DURANT and JERRY in the living room. There‘s a bowl of Wonderful pistachios on the countertop next to them. KEVIN throws a pistachio up into the air and catches it in his mouth.JERRY: I didn't peg you as a shooter.KEVIN: 4 NBA scoring titles, I ought to be.JERRY: Hmm, no championships though.Annoyed, KEVIN tosses up another pistachio. JERRY interjects mid-air:JERRY: Brick!KEVIN catches the pistachios in hIs mouth, and shoots JERRY the stink eye.vo: Wonderful Pistachios. If the bag's open, shoot 'em.Cut back to JERRY tossing a pistachio into the air. KEVin swats it against the wall, and waves his finger like Dikembe Mutumbo. TV :30 "robbed" we open at a party at Jerry's place. Larry David walks up to Jerry, interrupting his conversation with other guests.LARRY: Jerry, I've been robbed... my pistachios, they're gone!Jerry: Just get some more, Larry. [Points toward a table full of Wonderful Pistachios]Jerry turns back to his conversation and Larry interjects again.Larry: It's the principle, jerry. They were mine. I even put little "L's" on them.Jerry: Who would want to take your pistachios?Larry points across the room to a little girl, playing on the couch.Larry: Her.Jerry: Alright, time to go!Jerry ushers Larry out the front door, but on the way out, Larry passes the little girl. Larry: This... isn't... over!VO: Wonderful pistachios. everyone cracks eventually.cut back to the little girl opening her teddy bear backpack—it's full of Larry's pistachios. TV :15 "fingered" We open on JERRY at the party. He‘s milling around when he sees MIKE ROWE from DIRTY JOBS at the snack table.MIKE shoves his dirty hand into the bowl of pistachios.JERRY: Boy, you're really feeling every inch of that bowl. Have you touched them all, or should I get the other bowls for you to poke around in?MIKE: You know I like to just dive in, Jerry.JERRY: Yeah, I can see that.MIKE offers JERRY a pistachio. JERRY, disgusted, shakes his head NO.VO: Wonderful Pistachios. Dive right in.CUT back to MIKE licking his fingers clean as JERRY looks on in horror.

## Full Content

WOnderful pistachioswe're all a little nutsThere’s no wrong way to eat a pistachio—despite what "classic cracker" Jerry Seinfeld thinks. We mingle through a party at Jerry’s house meeting guests with unique pistachio-cracking styles, and they’re all, well, a little nuts. TV :15 "LICKER" OPEN on JERRY and GENE SIMMONS sitting on the couch together, in front of a big bowl of Wonderful Pistachios. GENE cracks one open, but before he eats it, he licks it—JERRY is HORRIFIED.JERRY: Is the lick really necessary?GENE: The tongue wants what it wants, Jerry...GENE slowly licks another pistachio and offers it to JERRY.JERRY: I don't want that... You licked it. It's pre-licked.VO: Wonderful Pistachios. Put your tongue into it.Cut to GENE licking the salt and crumbs at the bottom of the bowl. TV :15 "PISTACHIO TABLE" Open on JERRY and a Jason Alexander eating pistachios on the couch—grabbing handfuls from a table in front of them. jason relaxes and puts his feet up on the table.JERRY: Don’t put your feet on the pistachio table.jason: Pistachio table?JERRY: It’s a table.. at which you eat pistachios.jason: It looks like a coffee table.JERRY: Do you see any coffee at this table?JERRY gives an irritated nod at the table and jason realizes his feet are still on it. He quickly takes them off. JERRY shakes his head in annoyance.VO: Wonderful Pistachios. Crack ‘em anywhere.Cut back to Julia Louis-Dreyfus setting a coffee mug on Jerry's table.JERRY: For cryin' out loud! TV :15 "SHOOTER" *Written before Durant's 2017 championship with Golden State Warriors. Open on KEVIN DURANT and JERRY in the living room. There‘s a bowl of Wonderful pistachios on the countertop next to them. KEVIN throws a pistachio up into the air and catches it in his mouth.JERRY: I didn't peg you as a shooter.KEVIN: 4 NBA scoring titles, I ought to be.JERRY: Hmm, no championships though.Annoyed, KEVIN tosses up another pistachio. JERRY interjects mid-air:JERRY: Brick!KEVIN catches the pistachios in hIs mouth, and shoots JERRY the stink eye.vo: Wonderful Pistachios. If the bag's open, shoot 'em.Cut back to JERRY tossing a pistachio into the air. KEVin swats it against the wall, and waves his finger like Dikembe Mutumbo. TV :30 "robbed" we open at a party at Jerry's place. Larry David walks up to Jerry, interrupting his conversation with other guests.LARRY: Jerry, I've been robbed... my pistachios, they're gone!Jerry: Just get some more, Larry. [Points toward a table full of Wonderful Pistachios]Jerry turns back to his conversation and Larry interjects again.Larry: It's the principle, jerry. They were mine. I even put little "L's" on them.Jerry: Who would want to take your pistachios?Larry points across the room to a little girl, playing on the couch.Larry: Her.Jerry: Alright, time to go!Jerry ushers Larry out the front door, but on the way out, Larry passes the little girl. Larry: This... isn't... over!VO: Wonderful pistachios. everyone cracks eventually.cut back to the little girl opening her teddy bear backpack—it's full of Larry's pistachios. TV :15 "fingered" We open on JERRY at the party. He‘s milling around when he sees MIKE ROWE from DIRTY JOBS at the snack table.MIKE shoves his dirty hand into the bowl of pistachios.JERRY: Boy, you're really feeling every inch of that bowl. Have you touched them all, or should I get the other bowls for you to poke around in?MIKE: You know I like to just dive in, Jerry.JERRY: Yeah, I can see that.MIKE offers JERRY a pistachio. JERRY, disgusted, shakes his head NO.VO: Wonderful Pistachios. Dive right in.CUT back to MIKE licking his fingers clean as JERRY looks on in horror. WOnderful pistachioswe're all a little nutsThere’s no wrong way to eat a pistachio—despite what "classic cracker" Jerry Seinfeld thinks. We mingle through a party at Jerry’s house meeting guests with unique pistachio-cracking styles, and they’re all, well, a little nuts. TV :15 "LICKER" OPEN on JERRY and GENE SIMMONS sitting on the couch together, in front of a big bowl of Wonderful Pistachios. GENE cracks one open, but before he eats it, he licks it—JERRY is HORRIFIED.JERRY: Is the lick really necessary?GENE: The tongue wants what it wants, Jerry...GENE slowly licks another pistachio and offers it to JERRY.JERRY: I don't want that... You licked it. It's pre-licked.VO: Wonderful Pistachios. Put your tongue into it.Cut to GENE licking the salt and crumbs at the bottom of the bowl. TV :15 "PISTACHIO TABLE" Open on JERRY and a Jason Alexander eating pistachios on the couch—grabbing handfuls from a table in front of them. jason relaxes and puts his feet up on the table.JERRY: Don’t put your feet on the pistachio table.jason: Pistachio table?JERRY: It’s a table.. at which you eat pistachios.jason: It looks like a coffee table.JERRY: Do you see any coffee at this table?JERRY gives an irritated nod at the table and jason realizes his feet are still on it. He quickly takes them off. JERRY shakes his head in annoyance.VO: Wonderful Pistachios. Crack ‘em anywhere.Cut back to Julia Louis-Dreyfus setting a coffee mug on Jerry's table.JERRY: For cryin' out loud! TV :15 "SHOOTER" *Written before Durant's 2017 championship with Golden State Warriors. Open on KEVIN DURANT and JERRY in the living room. There‘s a bowl of Wonderful pistachios on the countertop next to them. KEVIN throws a pistachio up into the air and catches it in his mouth.JERRY: I didn't peg you as a shooter.KEVIN: 4 NBA scoring titles, I ought to be.JERRY: Hmm, no championships though.Annoyed, KEVIN tosses up another pistachio. JERRY interjects mid-air:JERRY: Brick!KEVIN catches the pistachios in hIs mouth, and shoots JERRY the stink eye.vo: Wonderful Pistachios. If the bag's open, shoot 'em.Cut back to JERRY tossing a pistachio into the air. KEVin swats it against the wall, and waves his finger like Dikembe Mutumbo. TV :30 "robbed" we open at a party at Jerry's place. Larry David walks up to Jerry, interrupting his conversation with other guests.LARRY: Jerry, I've been robbed... my pistachios, they're gone!Jerry: Just get some more, Larry. [Points toward a table full of Wonderful Pistachios]Jerry turns back to his conversation and Larry interjects again.Larry: It's the principle, jerry. They were mine. I even put little "L's" on them.Jerry: Who would want to take your pistachios?Larry points across the room to a little girl, playing on the couch.Larry: Her.Jerry: Alright, time to go!Jerry ushers Larry out the front door, but on the way out, Larry passes the little girl. Larry: This... isn't... over!VO: Wonderful pistachios. everyone cracks eventually.cut back to the little girl opening her teddy bear backpack—it's full of Larry's pistachios. TV :15 "fingered" We open on JERRY at the party. He‘s milling around when he sees MIKE ROWE from DIRTY JOBS at the snack table.MIKE shoves his dirty hand into the bowl of pistachios.JERRY: Boy, you're really feeling every inch of that bowl. Have you touched them all, or should I get the other bowls for you to poke around in?MIKE: You know I like to just dive in, Jerry.JERRY: Yeah, I can see that.MIKE offers JERRY a pistachio. JERRY, disgusted, shakes his head NO.VO: Wonderful Pistachios. Dive right in.CUT back to MIKE licking his fingers clean as JERRY looks on in horror.

---

*This content was extracted from Squarespace on 10/13/2025, 10:45:08 PM*
